README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mediamonks/php-rest-api.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mediamonks/php-rest-api)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mediamonks/php-rest-api/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mediamonks/php-rest-api/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mediamonks/php-rest-api/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mediamonks/php-rest-api/?branch=master)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/mediamonks/rest-api/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/mediamonks/rest-api)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/mediamonks/rest-api/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/mediamonks/rest-api)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/mediamonks/rest-api/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/mediamonks/rest-api)
[![SensioLabs Insight](https://img.shields.io/sensiolabs/i/56f4ef4a-a8da-4380-8d40-fada760a665c.svg)](https://insight.sensiolabs.com/projects/56f4ef4a-a8da-4380-8d40-fada760a665c)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/mediamonks/rest-api/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/mediamonks/rest-api)

# MediaMonks Rest API

This library contains an event subscriber to easily implement a Rest API with Symfony Http Kernel. By default this 
library will output according to the MediaMonks Rest API spec since we believe it is very useful but of course it's 
very easy to extend it or implement your own.

## Highlights

- Scalars, arrays and objects will be converted automatically
- Thrown exceptions will be converted automatically
- Supports custom serializers like JMS, uses json serializer by default
- Supports custom response models
- Supports application/json, application/x-www-form-urlencoded & multipart/form-data input
- Supports method overriding
- Supports forcing a "200 OK" status method
- Supports paginated responses
- Supports wrapping json response in a method (jsonp) and post message

## Documentation

Documentation and examples can be found in the [/doc](/doc) folder.

## System Requirements

You need:

- **PHP >= 5.4**

To use the library.

## Install

Install this package by using Composer.

```
$ composer require mediamonks/rest-api
```

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email devmonk@mediamonks.com instead of using the issue tracker.

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

Add reference to Symfony bundle, fix namespace

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mediamonks/php-rest-api.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mediamonks/php-rest-api)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mediamonks/php-rest-api/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mediamonks/php-rest-api/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mediamonks/php-rest-api/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mediamonks/php-rest-api/?branch=master)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/mediamonks/rest-api/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/mediamonks/rest-api)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/mediamonks/rest-api/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/mediamonks/rest-api)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/mediamonks/rest-api/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/mediamonks/rest-api)
[![SensioLabs Insight](https://img.shields.io/sensiolabs/i/56f4ef4a-a8da-4380-8d40-fada760a665c.svg)](https://insight.sensiolabs.com/projects/56f4ef4a-a8da-4380-8d40-fada760a665c)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/mediamonks/rest-api/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/mediamonks/rest-api)

# MediaMonks Rest API

This library contains an event subscriber to easily implement a Rest API with Symfony Http Kernel. By default this 
library will output according to the MediaMonks Rest API spec since we believe it is very useful but of course it's 
very easy to extend it or implement your own.

## Highlights

- Scalars, arrays and objects will be converted automatically
- Thrown exceptions will be converted automatically
- Supports custom serializers like JMS, uses json serializer by default
- Supports custom response models
- Supports application/json, application/x-www-form-urlencoded & multipart/form-data input
- Supports method overriding
- Supports forcing a "200 OK" status method
- Supports paginated responses
- Supports wrapping json response in a method (jsonp) and post message

## Documentation

Documentation and examples can be found in the [/doc](/doc) folder.

## System Requirements

You need:

- **PHP >= 5.4**

To use the library.

## Install

For Symfony Framework users it is recommended to install the [Rest API Bundle](https://github.com/mediamonks/symfony-rest-api-bundle) instead of this library.

Install this package by using Composer.

```
$ composer require mediamonks/rest-api
```

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email devmonk@mediamonks.com instead of using the issue tracker.

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.
